Hi everybody and welcome back this lecture we're going to be talking about adding whitespace.
So we've seen how remove whitespace.
How about adding it back in such as a new line or a top.
So I think it Hobba simple enough.
And this is how you do it.
That's Stigwood our dress.
So we have a very big address equals opening closing double quote 101 Main Street.
And then let's just say we want to add in the area where that might be such as the county or the city
or the province.
And let's just say if you're in Dublin like I am back slashed he adds in a tub.
So you have backslid t Double-A and they just print our address
and run that and there we go.
Bottom left hand corner we can see our address 101 Main Street tab Dublin.
Simple enough.
Let's look at doing that with a new line.
So again address
equals opening closing double quote one or two Main Street and instead of adding in it time we want
to add in a new line Dublin and let's just print Our address again.
Print opening closing door brackets.
Our address.
Let's run that.
And there we go one of two main street Doebbler.
Perfect.
So that's a very quick explanation as to how you add in a tab or a new line into your strings and your
programs.
Thank you and I'll see you in the next lecture.